8 months into Israel's war on Gaza the
bodies of Palestinian children women and
men keep piling
up what was my girl's fault this mother
asks she was young so were her children
and husband what did they
do questions repeated by hundreds of
thousands in warning some of the
killings amount to war crimes and crimes
against humanity that's according to the
un independent International Commission
of inquiry on the occupied Palestinian
territory including East Jerusalem and
Israel the Israeli military is being
held responsible for the war crime of
using starvation as a method of warfare
the inquiry found its soldiers have
murdered or willfully killed people and
the Israeli Army is also accused of
intentionally directing attacks against
civilians the forcible transfer of
people sexual violence torture and
inhuman or cruel treatment as well as
arbitrary detention and outrages on
personal dignity there has been
unconscionable death and suffering
more than 120,000 people in Gaza
overwhelmingly women and children have
been killed or injured since 7 October
as a result of the Intensive Israeli
offensives the report also finds
Palestinian armed groups responsible for
war crimes this is the first in-depth
investigation by the UN and the
commission says Israel obstructed its
investigations the commission attributes
High civilian casualties and destruction
of Civilian infrastructure to strategy
that's in intended to cause maximum
damage and disregard principles of
Distinction proportionality and adequate
precaution according to the report
Israeli leaders vocal support amounted
to incitement and could constitute other
serious
crimes Israel's Finance Minister balel
smotrich told his voters quote We Must
Destroy rafaat and and wipe out their
memory the minister for National
Security has been clear about his
demands for Israeli forces to enter
and Carry Out
assassinations Israel's total Siege of
Gaza also amounts to Collective
punishment of a civilian population and
the commission also found Israeli
authorities quote weaponized the
provision of life sustaining Necessities
it's yet another report on Israel's
actions during the last 8
months as it stands accused of genocide
at the un's highest court but in Gaza
the bombs continue to fall and much
desperately needed Aid remains blocked
Sama B ja
Al make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer